README.md, before:

[![pre-commit](https://img.shields.io/badge/pre--commit-enabled-brightgreen?logo=pre-commit&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/pre-commit/pre-commit)
[![Ruff](https://img.shields.io/endpoint?url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/astral-sh/ruff/main/assets/badge/v2.json)](https://github.com/astral-sh/ruff)
[![uv](https://img.shields.io/endpoint?url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/astral-sh/uv/main/assets/badge/v0.json)](https://github.com/astral-sh/uv)
[![Checked with pyright](https://microsoft.github.io/pyright/img/pyright_badge.svg)](https://microsoft.github.io/pyright/)
[![Actions status](https://github.com/LabAutomationAndScreening/copier-base-template/actions/workflows/ci.yaml/badge.svg?branch=main)](https://github.com/LabAutomationAndScreening/copier-base-template/actions)
[![Open in Dev Containers](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=Dev%20Containers&message=Open&color=blue)](https://vscode.dev/redirect?url=vscode://ms-vscode-remote.remote-containers/cloneInVolume?url=https://github.com/LabAutomationAndScreening/copier-base-template)

# Instantiating a new repository using this template
1. Use the file `.devcontainer/devcontainer-to-instantiate-template.json` to create a devcontainer
2. Inside that devcontainer, run the `.devcontainer/install-ci-tooling.sh` script
3. Run copier to instantiate the template: `copier copy --trust gh:LabAutomationAndScreening/copier-base-template.git .`
4. Run `uv lock` to generate the lock file
5. Commit the changes
6. Rebuild your new devcontainer

Commit message:

More Javascript and Localstack support (#11)
## Why is this change necessary?
Getting localstack to work in CI. Better javascript support within
devcontainer


 ## How does this change address the issue?
Updates localstack endpoint to work correctly in Github Actions


 ## What side effects does this change have?
None


 ## How is this change tested?
In various downstream repos


 ## Other
Bumps a variety of dependencies. Adds some better documentation to
Readme

---------

Co-authored-by: Eli Fine <ejfine@gmail.com>

README.md, after:

[![pre-commit](https://img.shields.io/badge/pre--commit-enabled-brightgreen?logo=pre-commit&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/pre-commit/pre-commit)
[![Ruff](https://img.shields.io/endpoint?url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/astral-sh/ruff/main/assets/badge/v2.json)](https://github.com/astral-sh/ruff)
[![uv](https://img.shields.io/endpoint?url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/astral-sh/uv/main/assets/badge/v0.json)](https://github.com/astral-sh/uv)
[![Checked with pyright](https://microsoft.github.io/pyright/img/pyright_badge.svg)](https://microsoft.github.io/pyright/)
[![Actions status](https://github.com/LabAutomationAndScreening/copier-base-template/actions/workflows/ci.yaml/badge.svg?branch=main)](https://github.com/LabAutomationAndScreening/copier-base-template/actions)
[![Open in Dev Containers](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=Dev%20Containers&message=Open&color=blue)](https://vscode.dev/redirect?url=vscode://ms-vscode-remote.remote-containers/cloneInVolume?url=https://github.com/LabAutomationAndScreening/copier-base-template)

# Instantiating a new repository using this template
1. Use the file `.devcontainer/devcontainer-to-instantiate-template.json` to create a devcontainer
2. Inside that devcontainer, run the `.devcontainer/install-ci-tooling.sh` script
3. Delete all files currently in the repository. Optional...but makes it easiest to avoid git conflicts.
4. Run copier to instantiate the template: `copier copy --trust gh:LabAutomationAndScreening/copier-base-template.git .`
5. Run `uv lock` to generate the lock file
6. Commit the changes (optional)
7. Rebuild your new devcontainer

If you are running into issues with the SSH port, confirm the randomly chosen port is not in the excluded ranges on your computer. On Windows you can run this in an elevated command prompt to check `netsh interface ipv4 show excludedportrange protocol=tcp`
